<P ID=1>
Milan “Mickey” D. Milisich, 70, of Ft. Myers died April 24, 2019.
He was born in Youngstown, OH in 1948 to the late Emil and Peggy Milisich.
He attended Struthers High School and later worked for General Motors in Lordstown, OH.
He retired in 1990 and moved to Ft. Myers in 1995 where he and his wife started Express Alterations.
He was a member of the Ft. Myers Moose Lodge # 1899.
Survivors include his wife of 34 years, Anita, two children; Nicole (Chris) Jeffcoat of Plant City, Fl and Michael (Carla) Milisich of Ft. Myers, four grandchildren and two great grandchildren.
He was preceded in death by his parents and sister Darlene Hryb.
The family will receive friends for viewing Saturday, April 27th, 2019 from 2:00 to 4:00 PM at Harvey-Engelhardt Funeral Home.
A scripture wake service will be held at 2:30 PM.
</P>

<P ID=2>
Robert (Bob) A. Kahelin, 87, of Osterville, MA and Fort Myers, FL passed away peacefully on April 20, 2019 in Fort Myers after a life well lived.
Bob grew up in Centerville and was the son of Aate and Annie Kahelin.
He loved all sports and in fact met his beloved Georgia through sports at Barnstable High School.
He excelled in baseball and immediately after graduating high school in 1949, Bob married Georgia and headed out to play baseball within the Washington Senators system.
When a shoulder injury shorten his baseball career, Bob and Georgia returned to Cape Cod where Bob started his own successful home building company, which later expanded into a nationwide manufacturing business, Plastronics.
Bob stayed active in the sports world where he sponsored and coached a Babe Ruth team.
Bob often took his family on vacations that centered on outdoor recreational and educational activities.
In later years, Bob and Georgia loved to take trips were they would explore parts of America and other countries, often driving thousands of miles just to see a unique site that they could post in their travel album.
One of those trips literally saw Bob travel 4,227 miles, crossing 14 states in eleven days, seeing the sights along the way, in his quest to see the world’s biggest pistachio nut, located in Alamogordo, NM. 
Bob had many friends, as his dry sense of humor endeared him to all he met.
It was Bob’s commitment and loyalty to friendship that made an association with Bob everlasting, as he was generous and truly cared for everyone that touched his life.
At times Bob was a man of few words, but when he did speak, those words spoke volumes.
Creative hobbies were Bob’s simple pleasure in life ranging from wood working, growing vegetables, jewelry making and cooking, where he was the master of everything potato.
And of course, when there was a New England sports team playing, especially the Celtics, Bob was always there to cheer them on. 
Bob is survived by his son Rob and his wife Donna Kahelin (Osterville, MA) and their daughter Rachael (Alexandria, VA); son Peter and his wife Jill Kahelin (Fort Myers, FL); sisters-in-law Pat Kalas and Peg Kalas; along with several nieces and a nephew.
Bob’s only sibling Helen, who was married to the late Frank Gilchrist, passed away in October 2018.
Bob will be buried at a private service in Osterville.
</P>

<P ID=3>
Sherry graced the earth and was born in Portsmouth, Ohio on October 20, 1948 to Agnes Ann Skaggs and Charles Willard Brown.
Her early career was a fingerprint technician in Washington D.C. for the FBI where she met her husband Edward Tiers and were married for nearly half a decade.
She later went into nursing where she spent most of her career caring for the mentally challenged at Gulf Coast Center in Fort Myers, Florida.
She and her husband moved from Washington D.C. to Connecticut where they spent nearly 20 years before moving the Lehigh Acres, Florida in 1987.
Sherry will be greatly missed by her mother Agnes Brown, daughter Tiffany LaRosa, husband Edward Tiers, son in law Randy LaRosa, grandchildren Leighann and Angelo and many more friends and family.
Sherry was preceeded in death by her brother Wallace Brown, father Charles Brown and many aunts and uncles.
A private memorial service is scheduled for family only.
If anyone wishes to send flowers please send to Lehigh Acres Christian Church 50 Bell Boulevard, Lehigh Acres, Florida 33936 on Friday April 5, 2019 before noon.
</P>

<P ID=4>
Helen S. Aigen, beloved wife, mother, sister and aunt passed away on Sunday, March 31, 2019.
Helen was a teacher in the Hauppauge High School for 20 years teaching Spanish to juniors and seniors.
She was loved by her students and fellow teachers.
Helen put herself through college eventually earning her Masters Degree from Stony Brook University.
Helen not only taught Spanish but was also in charge of the Spanish Club.
Helen was born in Colombia South America in the town of Medellin.
She migrated to the United States at an early age but returned to Colombia as a teenager and resided there for a number of years before returning to the U.S. where she continued her education.
Helen was a proud mother to three wonderful young men, David; Adam and Timmy.
Her sons were the light of her life and brought her joy and happiness each and every day.
Due to her illness Helen had recently retired and relocated from Stony Brook, New York to Fort Myers, Florida, where she was able to enjoy some of the warm weather and sunshine.
Helen is survived by her husband (George Boehm); her three sons (David, Adam and Timmy Aigen); her brothers (Louis and Gilbert Sierra) and her sister (Lucy Olechnowski).
</P>

<P ID=5>
George H. Pfersch, Jr., beloved husband, father and grandfather, passed away on March 23, 2019 at the age of 86.
He was born on February 9, 1933 in Newark, New Jersey to the late George and Louise Pfersch.
George graduated with a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering degree from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1955.
He went on to earn his Masters degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1958 and enjoyed a successful career as an Aeronautical Engineer.
He was a member of the IEEE.
In 2005, George relocated to Fort Myers Beach and served as a pilot in the Civil Air Patrol as well as the Ski Patrol.
He was a member of the Faith United Methodist Church on McGregor Blvd. in Fort Myers.
He will be dearly missed by his beloved wife, Maria Pfersch of Fort Myers Beach, FL; son and daughter in law, Alan and Lackhena Pfersch; and granddaughters, Alexandra and Alena Pfersch, all of Chester, New Jersey.
Also survived by his sister Marilyn White.
A visitation will be held on Thursday, March 28, 2019 from 1PM to 3PM and 5PM to 7PM at Harvey Engelhardt Funeral Home in Fort Myers.
In lieu of flowers, please consider a memorial contribution to either the Alzheimer's Foundation www.alz.org; The Harry Chapin Food Bank 3760 Fowler St, Fort Myers, FL 33901; or the Echo Global Farm 17391 Durrance Rd, North Fort Myers, FL 33917.
</P>

<P ID=6>
Christine Ann (Manino) Cooper, 64, a resident of Fort Myers, FL. since 2014 passed away Saturday, January 26 at the Lee Health Hospital from cancer.
She was born September 2, 1954 in Erie, PA where she lived until 2014.
Chris is survived by her husband of 38 years Charles Cooper, her mother Catherine Manino and brother Jay Manino all of Fort Myers.
She was preceded in death by her father Louie Manino of Erie, PA.
Chris graduated from McDowell High School, Erie, PA in 1972 and attended Mercyhurst University.
Chris worked as an executive secretary at Smith Meter Systems from 1975 until 1981.
After her marriage to Charlie she dedicated her life to taking care of her home, husband and pet dogs.
She loved flower gardening at her home and was an excellent gardener.
Chris married Charlie on February 13, 1981 and they have had a wonderful marriage for almost 38 years.
Chris and Charlie had many great beach vacation trips which she loved to numerous locations; Bahamas, Dominican Republic, San Andres Island and her favorite Mexico.
She developed many friends while vacationing at the Riu resort hotels in Playa del Carmen, MX.
Chris was a very outgoing, kind and friendly person.
Even in her last days she was courteous and kind to her hospital staff even though she knew the end was near.
Chris would start conversations with everyone she met.
On her vacations she would treat the hotel management, waiters, busboys, bartenders, cooks, housekeepers and landscapers as equals and was friendly to all.
Throughout her life she tried to keep herself fit and always to look fantastic (in her last days she was still applying makeup in the hospital…) Charlie was always proud to be around her, she made him look good!
Chris loved animals, especially Maltese dogs, and has had many over the years.
She was devoted to her current dog, Sergio, who misses her very much.
In her earlier years she loved the theater.
For 35 years she was a dancer, singer and actress in community theaters.
Her favorite roles were comedies.
She performed many leading roles at the Erie Playhouse, Murder Mystery and many other theaters in Erie, PA.
She was awarded many awards for her acting.
</P>

<P ID=7>
Mark Josef Leonardi, 49, of Sanibel, passed away at Hope Hospice in Ft. Myers on Sunday December 30th after a brief battle with cancer.
Mark was born on February 22, 1969 in Plymouth, Massachusetts and came to Sanibel with his family in 1978.
Mark graduated from Cypress Lake High School in 1986.
He earned a living working in the landscaping business on Sanibel.
Mark was an avid, life-long fisherman, boater, and a certified diver. 
Mark was a skilled angler, rarely coming home empty-handed.
He had a particular passion for offshore fishing in the Gulf of Mexico.
For years he spent many weekends far offshore on chartered trips to the Dry Tortugas among friends.
He also enjoyed owning and operating his own boat, regularly fishing the waters around Sanibel.
Mark spent his life on the water, and there was nowhere else that he would rather be.
Mark is survived by his parents, Peter and Karin Leonardi of Sanibel, brother, Peter Leonardi and partner Lynn Kompinski of Sanibel, sister, Tanya Batke of Fort Myers, brother-in-law, Derek Batke, and nephews, Zachary Leonardi, Nicholas Leonardi, Dominik Batke and Cristian Batke. 
The family would like to extend their heartfelt thanks and appreciation to the doctors and nurses at the Hope Hospice in Shell Point Village.
Their compassionate care and guidance were truly a blessing during this most difficult time.
A memorial service will be held at Harvey-Engelhardt Funeral Home at 1600 Colonial Boulevard, Fort Myers, 33907 on Saturday, January 12th at 10 A.M., friends of Mark are invited and welcomed to attend.
</P>

<P ID=8>
Thomas Erwin McPherron, 84, passed away peacefully on December 30, 2018, in Fort Myers, Florida.
Tom is survived by his wife of 61 years, Mary Jo Pease McPherron, 3 children, Randall (Carol) McPherron of Anchorage, Alaska, Kim (Kenny) Sailor of Argos, Indiana, and Chris McPherron of Bremen, Indiana, 6 grandchildren and 2 great grandchildren.
Also surviving are his siblings, Larry (Nancy) McPherron of Plymouth, Indiana, and Kathy (Mike Van Horn of Fort Myers, Florida and a brother-in-law Chester Lemler of Tippecanoe, Indiana.
Tom was preceded in death by his parents, Harry and Hope (Fites) McPherron and sister JoAnna Lemler.
Tom was born in Marshall County Indiana on January 25, 1934.
He graduated from Tippecanoe High School and Indiana University with a Bachelor Degree and Master’s Degree.
After graduation from Indiana University in 1957, he entered the US Army as a 2nd Lt. and served on active duty until 1959.
Then he started his career as a high school mathematics teacher and coach and continued in the US Army Reserves from 1959 until 1994.
During his dual career, Tom graduated from numerous military schools including Command and General Staff, and War College.
Tom retired as a full Colonel.
Tom taught and coached in Lakeville, Bourbon, Tippecanoe and Crothersville, Indiana, and completed his coaching and teaching in Bremen, Indiana, where he coached wrestling, girls track, and cross county.
In his early teaching career he coached basketball and baseball.
A memorial will be held at Faith United Methodist Church at 2:00 p.m., on Sunday, January 13, 2019 followed by a life celebration service in the club house at the Tropicana Mobile Home Park at 3:30.
A funeral service will follow on May 4, 2019 in Bremen, Indiana.
</P>

<P ID=9>
Ruth Ellen Presson Neal passed away peacefully on Christmas Night, December 25th, 2018, at her residence in Fort Myers, Florida.
She was the youngest daughter, born to Lloyd J. Presson and Ora Louise Martin on September 3rd, 1931 in Mansfield, Arkansas.
Ruth was valedictorian of her class at Mansfield High School and continued her education at the University of Arkansas, where she earned her Bachelor of Science in Business Administration.
She moved to Fort Myers Florida sometime after graduation where she worked for National Airlines out of Page Field.
She eventually went to work for her Brother-in-Law, Dan Harper, at Harper Bothers working for many years as Office Manager.
Ruth married Leo Neal Jr. on June 14th, 1959 at McGregor Baptist Church.
She traveled the country with her husband, Father-in-Law Leo Neal Sr., as well as Brother-in-Law William R. Neal as they built golf courses.
After living in Boca Raton a few years, they moved back to Fort Myers to raise their two sons, Leo Derrick Neal and Lloyd Gregory Neal.
Ruth was a dedicated mother and grandmother.
She loved having the grandkids in the house, oftentimes hosting all seven for sleepovers.
She always made time for special events and holidays with the family, frequently found looking on with a huge smile as kids opened gifts leaving nothing but the surrounding floor full of wrapping paper.
She loved it all, including the singing, dancing, and scraped-up knees from climbing the mango tree.
In her free time Ruth was often found reading.
She loved her trips to the library to pick out a few new books for the week.
Beyond the book adventures, she loved to be social in her small group of friends at Senior Fiends, where they would partake in a few outings each month.
There was one place you could find her each and every Sunday, praising the lord and listening to his word at Cypress Lake Baptist Church.
Ruth is survived by her son Lloyd Gregory Neal, his wife Cheryl Neal (Hoenie) and their two daughters Sarah Neal and Rachel Harder, Daughter-in-Law Lynne Neal (Buff) and her daughters Jaquelyn Neal, Stephanie Neal, Alexandra Neal, and Rebecca Neal.
She was preceded in death by her two sisters Ann Harper (Presson) and Amy Nelson (Presson), as well as her husband Leo Neal Jr., son Leo Derrick Neal, and beloved granddaughter Christina Elaine Neal.
</P>

<P ID=10>
Kevin Michael Rush passed away unexpectedly Friday December 14th, 2018 at his home in Fort Myers FL.
He was born June 16th 1979 in Iola KS. to Rick Rush and Nancy Brown.
His occupation was a lineman.
He was employed by Pike Electric.
Kevin was very passionate about his job and loved spending time with his family.
He is survived by his wife Lisa, his children Skyler, Scout and Kendrick Rush of Iola KS.
Harlowe Rush and 3 stepchildren Hayden, Ethan and Jaxton Tice whom he cared for and cherished as his own.
Also surviving are his father and stepmother Rick and Barbara Rush of Humboldt KS.
Mother and stepfather Jeff and Nancy Bain of Pryor OK.
Sister Dana and her husband Jamie Vallejo of Wichita KS.
Brother Jason Rush of Kansas City, MO.
Grandparents, Myron and Betty Rush of Iola KS, Jean Brown of Garnett KS and Shirley Strahl of Iola KS.
Numerous Nieces and Nephews and many friends.
A visitation will take place on December 20, 2018 from 10:30A-12:00P at Harvey Engelhardt Funeral Home.
Clergy service will begin at 12:00P at Harvey Engelhardt Funeral Home conducted by Pastor Eddie Spencer.
</P>

<P ID=11>
Donald Raymond Bacci, husband of Millicent, father of Kenneth & Alan.
Above all else he loved his family.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, he served in the US Army during the Korean conflict and then worked 35+ years as a tool and die welder with Ford Motor Company.
A skilled artesian, he created numerous stained glass windows, built model tall ships and built and flew radio controlled airplanes.
He is preceded in death by his son Alan and survived by his brother Merlyn Bacci, and his sisters Beverly Hutchins and Darlene Barducci.
</P>

<P ID=12>
John Glenn Walsh -- Asleep in the Lord September 30, 2018.
Beloved husband for 60 years of Betty Sue Reed Walsh.
Dear father of John Glenn Walsh, Jr. (Linda) and Carol Lee Walsh Clark (Robb).
Dearest Grandfather of Schaeffer Reed Gregerson, and dear step-grandfather of Tyra and Tori Clark. 
John Glenn was born on May 22, 1936 in Pine Bluff, Arkansas.
After attending Pine Bluff High School, he enrolled at the University of Arkansas, graduating with a BSEE in 1958.
He later attended the University of Missouri-Rolla, graduating in 1974 with an MSEE.
He worked in St. Louis, Mo. for Union Electric as an electrical engineer and Manager of Electrical Engineering for 38 years. 
He was a member of Sigma Chi Fraternity, Arkansas Academy of Electrical Engineering, Registered Professional Engineer in Missouri, and was a longtime member of Kirkwood United Methodist Church.
After relocating to Ft. Myers, Florida, John Glenn was an active member at Faith United Methodist Church, and volunteered for Lee County Meals on Wheels for 15 years.
John Glenn served in the US Army Reserve Signal Corps from 1958-1966, and was discharged as Captain.
Memorial Service to be held at Faith United Methodist Church in Ft. Myers on Thursday, October 4, 2018 at 11:00 AM.
</P>

<P ID=13>
After a long and full life, Shirley Parker Warren passed away peacefully on September 22, 2018, just one week short of her 90th birthday.
Shirley was born in Westborough Massachusetts, the youngest of nine children.
She was a talented and independent woman.
As an accomplished and award winning artist, Shirley taught art to many students in Westborough and hosted an annual art show to showcase the works of artists in the community.
In fact, Shirley taught her own mother, who was 80 at the time, to paint, proving you are never too old to learn a new talent.
In her twenties, Shirley traveled to Europe to study art.
She was a professional seamstress and later in life became a licensed optician.
Without a doubt, Shirley was the greatest Red Sox fan that ever lived.
In her late twenties, Shirley met the man of her dreams, Jim Warren, and they were soon married.
Soon after, they had their first child, Dan, and two years later, Judi came along.
In 1968, they packed their bags and relocated to Miami, Florida, where they raised their family.
Judi later married John Zito, Dan married Amy Knutzen and Jim and Shirley were blessed with their beloved grandchildren: Carina, Tesi, Cara, Lindsy, Justin and JP.
Shirley beamed with pride at the recent birth of her great-granddaughter, Taylor Elizabeth, as well as the upcoming marriage of Carina to her fiancé, Danny Troy.
After an early retirement, Jim and Shirley enjoyed life to the fullest, traveling all over the world.
They spent many years in the Florida Keys where their days were spent boating and fishing.
Shirley was an active member of the Marathon Garden Club and was once crowned the Key Lime Pie Queen for her recipe.
Their greatest hobby, however, was doting over their grandchildren.
While they had moved many miles away, their love for Maine, where they had vacationed for years, remained strong.
In 1985, they bought a summer home in Milbridge Maine on Bar Island where they spent an ever-increasing amount of time.
They became an integral part of their tiny community, and after Jim’s passing in 2004, it was this community that surrounded Shirley with love.
She busied herself with gardening, cooking, reading and puzzles.
She welcomed guests to her home frequently, keeping them well fed with her homemade bread and jams, as well as vegetables from her garden.
Each year without fail, their children and grandchildren came to visit Maine creating a lifetime of memories for all.
In keeping with her wishes, Shirley’s ashes will be taken to Maine next summer where she will join her husband, Jim, in the beautiful waters outside of their home.
Her family will host a celebration of her life at that time and we will welcome those who loved Shirley to join us.
In addition, during the 14 years that Shirley lived at the Shellpoint Retirement Community, she made many friends.
A memorial service will be scheduled in the near future so the friends in this community can honor her memory.
</P>

<P ID=14>
Rudd, Martha Cheek, 91, of Fort Myers Florida and Lexington, KY, passed away on September 15, 2018.
She was born in Manhattan, Kansas and grew up in Lexington, KY.
She was the daughter of the late Frank J. and Martha B. Cheek Jr.
She was educated at Stuart Hall, Staunton, Virginia and Wellesley College, Wellesley, Massachusetts.
Martha spent her career at the University of Kentucky, working in the college of Agriculture Economics and later in the college of Social Work.
She was predeceased by her parents, Frank J. and Martha B. Cheek Jr., her beloved husband, Robert W. Rudd and her stepdaughter Susan E. Rudd.
Martha is survived by her stepdaughter Sally (John) Rudd Lambert, Sugar Land, TX; Robert W. Rudd Jr., Grand Rapids, MI; three grandchildren, Jeffrey (Beth) C. Rudd, Jason R. Rudd, Jessica R. Lambert and three great-grandchildren.
The family extends heartfelt thanks and appreciation to dear friends Jim and Cathy Houba.
Martha will be honored by loved ones during a celebration ceremony and her ashes will be interred with her husband and her parents.
</P>

<P ID=15>
Lucille Dorine Vieira, 91 of Fort Myers, Florida and formally from Fairfax, Virginia passed away on September 14, 2018 surrounded by her daughter Diana and her son Chris.
Lucille was born on November 14, 1926; daughter of the late Lawrence and Ivy Edghill of Georgetown, Guyana.
She is survived by her six loving children Jeanette of Georgetown, Guyana, Maureen of Orlando, Florida, Carol of Springfield, Virginia, Christopher and Diana of Fort Myers, Florida and Patricia of Toronto, Canada.
Sixteen grandchildren, thirty-five great-grandchildren and eight great-great grandchildren.
She was the sister of the late Joyce Huffstetler.
She enjoyed being around her family especially her grandchildren on special occasions like Thanksgiving, Christmas and her birthday celebrations.
At these family gatherings you could see the love and joy in her eyes.
Lucille was a kind and loving mother, grandmother, great grandmother, great great-grandmother and sister.
</P>

<P ID=16>
John Thomas Bond, MD., Born December 12, 1932 in Duncombe, IA, went home to Heaven on September 13, 2018.
He is survived in death by his wife Laura (née Smith) of 61 years.
John was Preceded in death by his daughter Deborah.
John has 3 children; Stephen Bond, Kristin (Todd) Schultz and Lorri (Mike) Abate.
He has 9 Grandchildren; Ryan, Tabitha, Leah, Evan, Jessica, Austin, Alessandra, Lucca and Briana.
5 Great Grandchildren, 2 Sisters; Nancy Gaul of Independence, IA and Delores Runyon of California.
John was a 2 year Veteran of the Korean War.
He graduated from the University of Iowa College of Medicine in 1961.
He practiced Psychiatry in Milwaukee, Wi for 35 years and has lived in Ft. Myers, Florida after retiring 19 years ago.  
The family would like to thank the special care givers at American House-Fort Myers, Advocate Home Health and Hope Hospice for the tender loving care they provided to John.
</P>

<P ID=17>
Carmen Voli Doring passed away on April 25, 2019 at 79 years of age.
She will be dearly missed by her loving children and grandchildren.
A visitation will be held on Saturday, May 11, 2019 from 11AM to 12PM at the Fuller Metz Funeral Home on Del Prado Blvd. South in Cape Coral, followed by a ceremony at 12PM in the chapel.
A memorial mass will be held on Saturday May 18th at St. Andrew Catholic Church.
</P>

<P ID=18>
Donna A. Galati died April 25, 2019 with her family by her side after a battle with cancer in Cape Coral, Florida.
She was 69 years old.
A memorial mass to commemorate her will be held at St. Andrew Catholic Church, 2628 Del Prado Blvd. South, Cape Coral, FL on Monday, May 6, 2019 at 11:00AM.
In lieu of flowers, please donate in her name to the Humane Society or other animal rights organization.
Donna was born in Taunton, Massachusetts to Marjorie and John Figuereor on December 15, 1949.
She graduated from Taunton High School and worked for over 20 years at Texas Instruments.
She met the love of her life Lino Galati in October of 1987 and they were married November 28, 1987 and enjoyed a beautiful life full of love together residing in Italy, Crystal Lake, Illinois before moving to Cape Coral, Florida in April 1996.
She was employed for a time at Cape Cabinets.
She was a very loved woman who is survived by her husband Lino, niece Lisa Stefanik of Gulfport, Florida and a host of friends including Jan Filippi, Joyce Baptista, Paul Baptista, Peter and Theresa Salvatore and many others.
Her hobbies included cooking and gardening and she enjoyed a love of animals, leaving behind her loving cats Gina and Tubby.
She will be joining her sister Dianne and mother, Marjorie in heaven.
She will be deeply missed by her husband Lino and those of us still here.
</P>

<P ID=19>
Robert "Bobby" Rittel, 101, of Cape Coral, Florida passed away on April 21, 2019.
He will be dearly missed by his loving family.
Bobby was a World War II veteran of the United States Army.
After his service he became an Oral Surgeon and ran a dental practice for the rest of his career.
A memorial service will be held on Sunday, April 28, 2019 at 3:00PM at the Good Shepherd United Methodist Church 2951 Trail Dairy Circle in Fort Myers, Florida.
</P>

<P ID=20>
Natalie Kay Hutchison Kelley was born in Colorado Springs, Colorado on November 3rd, 1975.
Natalie grew up in Lee County, Florida and graduated from Cape Coral High School in 1993.
She went on to obtain a Bachelor’s Degree in Psychology from FGCU.
Her career path ultimately led her to becoming a Realtor for Remax Trend Real Estate in Cape Coral, FL.
Natalie possessed an animated, vivacious personality that those she came in contact with were immediately drawn to.
She formed extremely strong bonds with those she loved, and would stop at nothing if her loved ones were in need. 
Natalie felt her greatest accomplishment was being a mother to her kids and she centered her life around them.
She found great joy in spending time with them, singing to them, and participating in their sports activities. 
Her talents were varied and many.
She was especially known for her ability to create delicious culinary delights that could never be duplicated by others.
She never lacked confidence in anything she attempted. 
Natalie is with her little sister, Erin, and they are an angel duet watching over us.
She will be forever missed until we meet again. 
“Remember not my fight for breath, remember not the Strife, please do not dwell upon my death, but celebrate my life.”
She is survived by her three children, Erin, David and Landon Kelley, her sisters, Melodie and Amanda Hutchison, her brothers, John Hutchison and Michael Sorrentino, her father, John Hutchison, and her mother and step-father, Kim and Stephen Davis.
The services will be held on Saturday, April 27th, 2019 from 10:30am-12:00pm at The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints located at 1928 S Chiquita Blvd S, Cape Coral, FL 33991.
A gathering for friends and family will be held afterwards. 
</P>
